
# Terminal README Creator

## Description
This project was developed to allow the user to create a README using only their VS Code Terminal and the fs, path, and inquirer user interfaces. By answering a series of prompts generated by inquirer, the user will be able to create a README that includes their project title, table of contents, description, installation instructions, usage instructions, choose from four licences used (MIT, Apache, GPL, or BSD), and enter in their GitHub username and email address.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
For this project to work, first go to the terminal for index.cjs.  Then type in npm install inquirer@8.0.0 to install inquirer.

## Usage
After everything is install, stay in the index.cjs terminal and type in "node index.cjs". You will then be promted to write in your desired project title, project description, installation instructions, contribution guidelines, test instructions, choose from four common licences (MIT, Apache, GPL, or BSD), and enter in your GitHub username and email address. Once you have answered the last prompt, your completed README will appear within the Create-README folder.

## License
This application is covered under the MIT license.

## Contributing
To contribute to this project, please go to https://github.com/cbailey73/command-line-readme, clone the code, and work on a git branch to add to the project. Push to the origin and create a merge request with the main branch.

## Tests
There are no tests for this project at this time.

## Questions
For any questions, please feel free to reach out to me:

GitHub: [c73bailey](https://github.com/c73bailey)
Email: c73bailey@gmail.com
